FF150 Expr Feature - multiple JS import maps (#43759)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/script/type/importmap/index.md

### Merging multiple import maps

> Supporting browsers can declare one or more import maps anywhere in the document, provided they are defined before any module that depends on them is loaded (earlier specifications allowed only a single declaration that must be made before any module is loaded).

Author: The single import map model was that you had to declare all your mappings before loading any module - whether or not the module used any of those mappings. Now we have multiple import maps you can spread them around, before and after modules are loaded.

I _think_ it is worth adding a note that while you can split up your import maps, you still need to make sure that  all definitions needed by a module are provided in a map before that module is loaded.

@Josh-Cena Too obvious? I can drop the commit if you feel strongly about this.

As an aside, the docs talk about registering an import map. Is that the same as declaring in your HTML?

Reviewer: Yeah I like this addition. Although instead of "earlier specifications" I would prefer to see actual browser support in the table, if possible.

> the docs talk about registering an import map. Is that the same as declaring in your HTML?

AFAIK, yes

Author: Thanks, and fair enough. I'll link the compat table, which includes a key for this.

```suggestion
Supporting browsers can declare one or more import maps anywhere in the document, provided they are defined before any module that depends on them is loaded (some [browser versions](#browser_compatibility) allow only a single import map declaration, which must appear before any module is loaded).
```
